Introduce release notes for Java SDK 3.51.0 (#411)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

> ## 3.51.0 - August 12, 2021
> 
> [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.51.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)
> 
> ### Compatibility Notes
> 
> - As part of the update of the OData VDM to SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2108 a few operations were removed. The operations were never supported by the S/4 system (like CRUD support for some entities), so no existing functionality is affected. The following services are affected:
>   - (OData V4) _Handling Unit Item – Create_ - `HANDLINGUNIT_0001`
> 
> - As part of the update of the OData VDM to SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2108 the `SAP__Message` class was updated in a breaking manner. Here, the `numericSeverity` property was changed from `Short` to `Integer`. This affects multiple OData V4 services.
>   - _Note_: This change is likely to be reverted in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3.51.0 - August 12, 2021

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.51.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Compatibility Notes

- While updating the OData client libraries (VDM) to match the latest SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2108 release we identified the following breaking changes:
  - Affected service ID: `HANDLINGUNIT_0001`. In OData V4 service _Handling Unit Item_ the `Create` operation was removed.
  No existing functionality is affected because this operation has never been supported by S/4HANA
  - `SAP__Message` class was updated in a breaking manner.
  Its `numericSeverity` property was changed from `Short` to `Integer`.
  This affects multiple OData V4 services.
  _Note_: This change is likely to be reverted in the future. We'll separately communicate about this in the release notes.
```

### New Functionality

> - Enable out-of-the-box support for IAS authentication type:
>   - AuthTokenAccessor
>   - TenantAccessor
>   - PrincipalAccessor

Reviewer 2: The list does not contain authentication types but rather accessors (Java classes) that can deal with JWT tokens from the IAS service.
Therefore, incorporating @artemkovalyov suggestion, I would change it the following way:

```suggestion
- The SAP Cloud SDK now provides out-of-the-box support for the [Identity Authentication Service](https://help.sap.com/viewer/6d6d63354d1242d185ab4830fc04feb1/Cloud/en-US/27882717f44b445fa287936c6f43dc1f.html) (IAS). Here's the list of accessors that are currently able to handle JWTs authored by the IAS service:
  - AuthTokenAccessor
  - TenantAccessor
  - PrincipalAccessor
```

Reviewer: Nicely spotted @Johannes-Schneider! Thanks. @Emdee89, let's use this version
